RUM doc 2.0 (#6227)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/real_user_monitoring/dashboards/_index.md

---
title: RUM Dashboards
kind: documentation
disable_toc: true
further_reading:
- link: "/real_user_monitoring/installation/advanced_configuration"
  tag: "Documentation"
  text: "Advanced configuration for RUM data collection"
- link: "/real_user_monitoring/explorer"
  tag: "Documentation"
  text: "Explore your views within Datadog"
---

{{< img src="real_user_monitoring/dashboards/rum_dashboard.png" alt="RUM Dashboard" responsive="true" >}}

When you [create a RUM application][1] a dashboard is created within Datadog to analyze all the [data collected][2].
To access it, go in your [RUM application page][3] and select click on the **Dashboard** link associated with your application:

{{< img src="real_user_monitoring/dashboards/application_page.png" alt="Application page" responsive="true" >}}

> ## Customize your Dashboard

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Customize your dashboard
```

> Customize this Dashboard like [any other one][4], or directly explore the underlying data in [your RUM explorer][2].

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Customize this dashboard as you would [any other one][4], or directly explore the underlying data in [your RUM explorer][2].
```
